











































About | MITRE D3FEND™



   matrix artifacts taxonomies about resources contribute faq blog      About the D3FEND Knowledge Graph Project In project work for our sponsors, we have repeatedly encountered the need
    for a model that can precisely specify cybersecurity countermeasure
    components and capabilities. Furthermore, it is necessary that practitioners
    know not only what threats a capability claims to address, but specifically how those threats are addressed from an engineering perspective, and under what
    circumstances the solution would work. This knowledge is essential to estimate
    operational applicability, identify strengths and weaknesses, and develop enterprise
    solutions comprising multiple capabilities. To address this recurring need in the near-term, we created D3FEND, a
    framework in which we encode a countermeasure knowledge base, but more
    specifically, a knowledge graph. The graph contains semantically rigorous
    types and relations that define both the key concepts in the cybersecurity
    countermeasure domain and the relations necessary to link those concepts to
    each other. We ground each of the concepts and relations to particular
    references in the cybersecurity literature.  Simplified Offensive and Defensive Technique Relationships Numerous sources of research and development literature, to include a
    targeted sample of over 500 countermeasure patents from the U.S. Patent
    Office from the years 2001 to 2018, served as the source material to build
    this knowledge graph. To demonstrate the value of this approach in practice,
    the graph supports queries that can inferentially map cybersecurity
    countermeasures to offensive tactics, techniques, and procedures. Our
    longer-term vision is to leverage the linked open data available on research
    literature and apply machine learning, in particular semi-supervised methods,
    to assist in maintaining the D3FEND knowledge graph over time. Finally, we welcome
    community feedback on D3FEND. Research Funding This research was funded by the Cybersecurity Directorate of the National
    Security Agency under contract W56KGU-18-D-0004.        Use of the MITRE D3FEND™ Knowledge Graph and website is subject to the Terms of Use. Use of the MITRE D3FEND website is subject to the
    MITRE D3FEND Privacy Policy. MITRE D3FEND is funded
    by the
    National Security Agency
    (NSA)
    Cybersecurity Directorate
    and managed by the
    National Security Engineering Center
    (NSEC) which is operated by
    The MITRE Corporation. MITRE D3FEND; and the MITRE D3FEND logo are trademarks of The MITRE
    Corporation. MITRE ATT&CK® and ATT&CK® are registered trademarks of
    The MITRE Corporation. MITRE ATT&CK content is subject to the MITRE ATT&CK
    terms of use.
    This software was produced for the U. S. Government under Basic Contract No.
    W56KGU-18-D-0004, and is subject to the Rights in Noncommercial Computer
    Software and Noncommercial Computer Software Documentation Clause
    252.227-7014 (FEB 2012)
    © 2023 The MITRE Corporation.
    Approved for Public Release; Distribution Unlimited #20-2338 and #23-1207.  










Scraped at: 2024-05-04 23:10:46