










































Privacy Policy | MITRE D3FEND™



   matrix artifacts taxonomies about resources contribute faq blog      Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 22, 2022 The MITRE Corporation (“MITRE”) respects the privacy of its website users. This Privacy Policy explains the types of information collected by MITRE
    D3FEND from website visitors (“Users”) or that you provide to MITRE through
    other means, such as via e-mail and web forms (collectively “Site”), and how
    MITRE uses, shares, protects, and retains that information. By visiting the
    Site, you understand and agree to terms outlined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collected from Cookies on Web Traffic Reporting and Content
    Tools “Cookies” are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your
    computer. Most web browsers can be configured not to accept cookies, or to
    notify you if a cookie is sent to you. If you wish not to have cookies set
    during your visit to this MITRE managed Site, you can disable them in your
    web browser. MITRE does not employ cookies for this Site. However, the MITRE D3FEND website is hosted on GitHub®. GitHub uses a free
    third-party software service called Google Analytics® to capture and analyze
    non-personally identifiable website usage information. Cookies will be
    implemented by GitHub. For more information about GitHub’s collection and
    use of information, such as IP address, date and time of access, the
    requested URL, the referring URL (if provided by the Web browser), and the
    browser type (if provided by the Web browser) please review GitHub’s Terms
    of Use and Privacy Policy at
    https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy. Information Collected from E-mail and Web Forms Users may contact MITRE electronically, via d3fend@mitre.org. MITRE may share the information that you provide to us via e-mail within
    the corporation to respond to your queries, but we do not provide
    information to anyone outside of the corporation unless required by law to
    do so. We will never share your information with a third party for any
    commercial purpose. Information Collected from Third Party Software and Media Sites When Users visit the Site, Users may link to third party software and/or
    media sites when they link to another party’s website. MITRE does not
    collect any information that may be collected by that third party; however,
    information you supply to that third-party software may be collected and/or
    used by that party. For information about that third party’s privacy policy,
    please see their respective website. Changes to Our Privacy Policy The Site may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be
    necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, MITRE
    reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and
    from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy
    periodically, and especially before you provide any information. Your
    continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy
    Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy
    Policy.  Use of the MITRE D3FEND™ Knowledge Graph and website is subject to the Terms of Use. Use of the MITRE D3FEND website is subject to the
    MITRE D3FEND Privacy Policy. MITRE D3FEND is funded
    by the
    National Security Agency
    (NSA)
    Cybersecurity Directorate
    and managed by the
    National Security Engineering Center
    (NSEC) which is operated by
    The MITRE Corporation. MITRE D3FEND; and the MITRE D3FEND logo are trademarks of The MITRE
    Corporation. MITRE ATT&CK® and ATT&CK® are registered trademarks of
    The MITRE Corporation. MITRE ATT&CK content is subject to the MITRE ATT&CK
    terms of use.
    This software was produced for the U. S. Government under Basic Contract No.
    W56KGU-18-D-0004, and is subject to the Rights in Noncommercial Computer
    Software and Noncommercial Computer Software Documentation Clause
    252.227-7014 (FEB 2012)
    © 2023 The MITRE Corporation.
    Approved for Public Release; Distribution Unlimited #20-2338 and #23-1207.  










Scraped at: 2024-05-04 23:11:04